https://issues.redhat.com/browse/ACM-3748 Grafana downsampled mismatch (customer bug) (#5621)
open-cluster-management/rhacm-docs: release_notes/known_issues.adoc

endpoint: example.com:443
----

[grafana-downsampled-mismatch]
=== Grafana downsampled data mismatch
//2.7:ACM-3748

When you attempt to query historical data and there is a discrepancy between the calculated step value and downsampled data, the result is empty. For example, if the calculated step value is `5m` and the downsampled data is in a one-hour interval, data does not appear from Grafana.

> This occurs because a URL query parameter must be passed through the Thanos Query console, to perform additional queries for other downsampling levels when data is missing.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This occurs because a URL query parameter must be passed through the Thanos Query front end data source, to perform additional queries for other downsampling levels when data is missing.
```

Author: updated based on IBM Style Guide word usage
<img width="952" alt="Screenshot 2023-10-16 at 11 36 16 AM" src="https://github.com/stolostron/rhacm-docs/assets/60616885/59d3c1b5-86e6-460e-bc25-2a8a499916ab">

> This occurs because a URL query parameter must be passed through the Thanos Query front end data source, to perform additional queries for other downsampling levels when data is missing.

Author: ```suggestion
This occurs because a URL query parameter must be passed through the Thanos Query front-end data source, to perform additional queries for other downsampling levels when data is missing.
```

> You must manually update the Thanos Query console configuration. Complete the following steps:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You must manually update the Thanos Query front end data source configuration. Complete the following steps:
```

> You must manually update the Thanos Query front end data source configuration. Complete the following steps:

Author: ```suggestion
You must manually update the Thanos Query front-end data source configuration. Complete the following steps:
```

> . Navigate to the Query Frontend data source in Grafa by going to the _Misc_ section.

Author: ```suggestion
. Navigate to the Query front end data source in Grafana by going to the _Misc_ section.
```

> . Navigate to the Query front end data source in Grafana by going to the _Misc_ section.

Author: ```suggestion
. Navigate to the Query front-end data source in Grafana by going to the _Misc_ section.
```

> . Find th e_Custom query parameters field and select *`max_source_resolution=auto`*.

Reviewer: Is this `e_` a typo?

Author: yes, it should read, "Find the"
```suggestion
. Find the _Custom query parameters field and select *`max_source_resolution=auto`*.
```

> . Find the _Custom query parameters field and select *`max_source_resolution=auto`*.

Author: ```suggestion
. Find the _Custom query parameters_ field and select *`max_source_resolution=auto`*.
```
